README.md, before:

# OCR Runner
[![Go Workflow Status](https://github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner/workflows/Go/badge.svg)](https://github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner/actions/workflows/go.yml)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/wintermi/ocr-runner)](https://github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release (latest by date including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/wintermi/ocr-runner?include_prereleases)](https://github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner/releases)


## Description
A command line application designed to recursively walk through the input path submitting all image files for optical character recognition (OCR) via the Google Cloud Vision API, Outputting the OCR response to a single newline delimited JSON File.

```
USAGE:
    ocr-runner -i PATH -o FILE

ARGS:
  -full
        Output full details to JSON
  -i string
        Input Path  (Required)
  -o string
        Output File  (Required)
  -verbose
        Display verbose or debug detail
```


## License
**ocr-runner** is released under the [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner/blob/main/LICENSE) unless explicitly mentioned in the file header.

Commit message:

feat: add support for Document AI and filtering of file types by file extension

README.md, after:

# OCR Runner
[![Go Workflow Status](https://github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner/workflows/Go/badge.svg)](https://github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner/actions/workflows/go.yml)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/wintermi/ocr-runner)](https://github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release (latest by date including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/wintermi/ocr-runner?include_prereleases)](https://github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner/releases)


## Description
A command line application designed to recursively walk through the input path submitting all image files for optical character recognition (OCR) via either the Google Cloud Vision API or a Google Cloud Document AI processor if a prediction endpoint is provided.  The application will then output the image information and annotations to a single newline delimited JSON File.

```
USAGE:
    ocr-runner -i PATH -o FILE

ARGS:
  -endpoint string
        Document AI Prediction Endpoint  (Optional)
  -full
        Output full details to JSON
  -i string
        Input Path  (Required)
  -o string
        Output File  (Required)
  -verbose
        Display verbose or debug detail
```

## Valid File Extensions
The application will automatically filter out all files that do not have one of the following extensions:

- `.bmp`
- `.gif`
- `.jpg`
- `.jpeg`
- `.pdf`
- `.png`
- `.tif`
- `.tiff`
- `.webp`

## License
**ocr-runner** is released under the [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/wintermi/ocr-runner/blob/main/LICENSE) unless explicitly mentioned in the file header.
